# `data-plot/boxplots.png`

Boxplots of assay measurements for different symptom onsets.

# `roc/roc.csv`

For each assay for each threshold for each symptom onset:

Sensitivity and specificity estimates (point) and 95% CI (low, high).
The CI is generated using the Clopper-Pearson method from R's PropCIs
package:

Ralph Scherer (2018).
PropCIs: Various Confidence Interval Methods for Proportions.
R package version 0.3-0.
https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=PropCIs

success is the number of observations that test positive
(for sensitivity) or negative (for specificity)
total is the total sample size

# `roc/pred-vals-pop.csv`

For each assay at each threshold for each onset:

PPV and NPV estimates (point) and 95% CI (low, high). The 95% CI was
generated by sampling from estimated sampling distributions of sensitivity
and specificity which were Beta(success + 1, total - success + 1) as per
`roc.csv`

# `roc/aucs.csv`

For each assay for each onset:

ROC AUC estimate (point) and best-worst case interval (low, high).
Best case is sensitivity and specificity both set to their upper 95% CI
value. Worst case - to the lower.

# `roc/assay-comp.csv`

A summary version of `roc.csv` for standard thresholds

Sensitivity and specificity, estimate [low, high] (success / total)

# `roc/assay-comp-auc.csv`

A summary version of `aucs.csv` for standard thresholds

ROC AUC point [low, high]

# `roc/assay-comp-predvals.csv`

A summary version of `pred-vals-pop.csv` for standard thresholds

PPV and NPV point [low, high]

# `roc/roc.png`

For each assay for each symptom onset:

Plot of 1 - specificity vs sensitivity. The lower/upper bounds result from
setting both sensitivity and specificity to their lower/upper 95% CI bound.

The red dot corresponds to the standard threshold.

The dots correspond to the thresholds actually tested.

# `roc/{assay-name}.png`

Sensitivity and specificity at different thresholds and onsets.
The dots correspond to
thresholds actually tested. The red dot is the standard threshold. The ribbon
is the 95% CI as per `roc.csv`.

# `roc/{assay-name}-predvals.png`

PPV and NPV at different prevalences at standard threshold at different onsets.
The x-axis is on a log scale.

# `roc/assay-comp.png`

Partial plot of

# `roc/assay-comp-predvals.png`

Plot of `assay-comp-predvals.csv` for any onset

PPV and NPV at different prevalences at standard threshold for any onset.

# `roc/aucs.png`

Plot of `aucs.csv`

ROC AUC and best/worst case interval for assays at different onsets
